Add vram flushing support (#256)
ahmetoner/whisper-asr-webservice: docs/environmental-variables.md

```sh
export ASR_MODEL_PATH=/data/whisper
```

### Configuring the `Model Unloading Timeout`

```sh
export IDLE_TIMEOUT=300
```

> After no activity for this period (in seconds), unload the model until it is requested again. When set to 0, there will be no timeout.

Reviewer: This might be a bit more clear:
```suggestion
Defaults to 0. After no activity for this period (in seconds), unload the model until it is requested again. Setting `0` disables the timeout, keeping the model loaded indefinitely.
```
